we said let's talk about that good
mythical morning as we have discussed
before human memories are highly
unreliable and they're susceptible to
being influenced in altering all sorts
of unexpected ways at least I think
we've discussed that before in fact
there are a number of instances of us
seeing things on this show and then many
of you have pointed out that we've
contradicted ourselves using previous
episodes so today we're gonna lean into
that we're gonna test how well we can
accurately remember things that we've
said on GMM it's time for as humans we
have many faults but will our memories
turn out false shout out to act or
Christoph Waltz you just rhyme false
with faults that's right but then what
Wow okay we've dug up some old GMM clips
of one another in which we gave a strong
opinion or belief about something very
specific and before we reveal each clip
we're gonna give each other the
opportunity to try to remember what we
said and then we're gonna play the clip
and see how great or terribly our
mervich memory we don't remember how to
say memory memory have served this is
also a competition so the winner will
receive a one-of-a-kind memory foam comb
oh that sounds nice alright I'm gonna
test your memory first okay like a steel
trap here we go
all right Rhett in May 2014 oh good
month you once proclaimed that no one
should ever tweet using the hashtag
blank life as in hash tag motto life
hashtag musician's life hashtag
big-booty lawyer that's so annoying with
one notable exception well I'll accept
one but you actually gave three notable
exceptions if you can remember any one
of those I'll give you the point I think
this is somebody who what they do
matters matters more than all the people
that just you just listed mm-hmm
and it's like notable and people would
actually want to know so I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna go through that part of
my dream on going that part of your
brain an astronaut if you saw somebody
tweet okay astronaut hashtag astronaut
like yo are y'all laughing that's a good
answer
it must not be the right one but I'm
going with astronaut because it seems
something that like I would be into that
all right let's go back to May 2014 and
see if he remembers correctly don't
hashtag anything well maybe it's Kylie
life in it like model life I see this
odd actor life you see this all
musician's life yeah people are like oh
writing songs 3:00 a.m. whatever comes
to me musician's life come on now really
now unless you're an animal cuz if
you're like doing something very dolphin
like 3m you're like Dolphin life I'm
into that if you're a dog if you're a
dolphin or if may I say maybe a gorilla
or a chimpanzee he's probably tweeted
dolphin gorillas your ear you're sitting
on that you do you remember that badly I
do not remember that link yeah it's
weird I don't we do a lot we say a lot
and we saw pretty passionate about it
all right link in August 2014
mm-hmm you want shared a rule involving
personal space on the subway you said if
two people are crammed so close together
on the subway that their bodies are
touching in more than two places mm-hmm
something must happen and my first
thought is you must say something you
must acknowledge the closeness but maybe
I said you must keep silent I don't even
know what I would have thought back
there but right now I would say you must
keep silent but you know what I think I
said you must acknowledge the touching
so I'm going with acknowledge to touch
him but I'm a different man now
all right let's watch the clip if you
are touching more than two places with
an individual that you do not know like
are their shoulder touch there's a knee
touch and there's like a wrist touch
because like we're slam together in a
subway
it's got where we wouldn't say like this
probably in in a crowd of subway you
might I feel like at this point the rule
is you have to talk to him hey man but
you should do it with an apologetic
looking I'm sorry where you from hey YUM
I feel live in the subway right all
right that's right and I would not speak
to anyone now I would not take my own
room you didn't add the apologetic tone
but that was pretty good I mean you
basically remembered it you did you have
to acknowledge it and talk to them I
feel like I guess I
growing as a person and I got a point
which is more importantly what I'm gonna
give you one but first I'm gonna plug
the sweatshirt feel good mythical
morning this is it you want to feel good
in a sweatshirt then get this a mythical
calm you know I was thinking a lot of
people say watching this show makes them
feel good that's like we should put that
on a shirt and the shirt should feel
good yeah
and soft we've done it it's
three-dimensional the lettering it's not
just printed but like you can feel the
feel goodness right pretty happy about
it it's great on the construction site
too right biking at night all right
you've given a number of parenting tips
on this show there's one thing you said
never do oh no you said you never do it
with your kids because you believe it's
bad parenting and that dads who do it
are quote losers
what is that thing this is from August
2017 so it's not as far back as these
other ones dads who do this thing or
loser yes you never do this with your
kids dads who do it are losers I think
the thing is is that yeah I don't know
what part of my brain to go into right I
don't know if is it the part that I was
actually saying something I think or the
99% of time I'm just biessing boy that's
progress
99% of the time he's BSC I think it has
something to do with like calling your
child you're like best friend or
something like that I know that sounds
harsh but you're not it's not your best
friend it's your son and you're the dad
they have friends you have friends I
mean you have a friendly relationship
does say something like that let's find
out that's pretty harsh I've never
really looked at my children's toys I
don't believe I believe that's bad
parenting when you get down on their
level and you play with them I've never
I've never thought that whenever I see a
dad doing I'm like oh what a loser
getting down on your kids level and play
yet I still believe that it's even
harsher than what you guessed you know
get dang this is hard
okay in August 2016
at one point on the show you discussed
the concept of the uncanny valley
essentially the closer someone resembles
a human or something resembles a human
the more humans are creeped out by that
thing you proposed the theory as to why
humans would be creeped out by humanoid
robots what was the theory this is the
level of thinking that I didn't know I
ever did I think you got to go back to
that place that's what you did for the
first one you just don't try to remember
what you said just think about what you
would say now I think it's that you're
afraid of being intimate with something
that's not really human play the clip I
think even more so it's mate selection I
think deep down whenever we look at
something like a robot we're asking
ourselves
do I want to mate with that I'm not
saying consciously I'm saying
subconsciously yeah yeah you're always
thinking do you want to mate with fill
in the blank I did not remember that
that is crazy but I just thought about
what I would have thought of access
exact same thing it's cut again it's the
concussion thing it's like whenever I
got hit in the head and I kept coming to
I kept saying the same thing hold on I'm
just coming to evidently I've hurt my
left hip no matter how many times I came
to I said the exact same thing well
there's no there's no way I'm gonna win
this one
in November of 2013 you and I each made
our own mind maps a pictorial
representation of a set of goals
remember that mm-hmm
do you yeah because you've got a
question about it as well okay so I
remembered it when I looked at the
question know your mind map set a list
of more than ten lifelong goals how many
of these goals can you remember I'll
accept three I thought that my met was a
day in the life of but you're saying it
was this is lifelong goals yeah fly an
ultra-light visit Antarctica what else
would you have wanted to do there's so
many things that I want to do since then
you may have done one of them this is
2013 mm-hmm some wood beans something
with beans he says I think you need to
be more specific like bathe in a giant
thing of beans huh okay
your answer so visiting erotica bathing
beans in the first one fly an ultra
Hawaiian ultralight let's see I want to
hunt for that treasure in the Rocky
Mountains that we talked about I would
like to learn how to become a master
cheese maker I would like to be a mayor
of a very small town at some point for
the water tower I would like to live on
an island by myself for just a short
period of time where I am trained in
hand-to-hand combat and they want to
come back I am a superhero for hire
I would also as a lot like the flash as
I stated in in past episodes of the 200
year old person I would like to live
inside of a hollowed-out tree at some
point and then I would like to die while
performing amazing stunts at a monster
truck rally late in life
I'm added the fact that I would also
like to do research intense research on
renewable energy sources because I feel
like that do you have time for that
that's the key to this with everything
else that you're not gonna do and in
this part of my life where I am becoming
a master cheese maker I'm gonna have a
lot of milk that I'm dealing with and I
would like you to be a butter maker
that's a-- and we can go in 50/50 and
i'll make the cheese and you make the
butter it'll be called Rhett and Link's
dairy farm I just there's just I have
too many things that I want to do I
can't narrow down even get one of them
right now you did I said Antartica which
is an island no it's not it's a
continent but it is an island an island
about water smiling continent just like
Australia Australia not an i but I
wouldn't get a point anyway I didn't get
three yeah that's right but you remember
the monster truck let's see if we can
keep your streak alive link okay you
also made a mind map yes your mind map
Illustrated what she wanted to achieve
in a single day so that was what I
thought that so you went with the day I
went with a lifetime can you remember
what was in the middle of your mind map
this is November 2013 mine into wood
monster trucks and that's the amazing
thing that happened in that episode was
that we were both that was the overlap
was we were we were both doing something
with monster trucks and then I think I
died in a monster truck accident that's
my answer
died in a monster truck accident the
middle of your mindmap was you dying in
a monster truck accident that's all I
can remember right now okay let's watch
the clip I mean my mind map
here it is right of course you can see
right in the center you have my eyeball
and because I want to see today you
started with an eyeball so the central
idea of your eye your eye when today is
your Z today I technically think I mean
that's okay if it works for you man just
do it you know I don't wanna critique
your mind I do want to see today but
what happened to my monster truck begin
that was it you are dead at the end of
it but I think that it was a different
episode but the thing that was super
ironic was the fact that you also had
cheese on your mindmap
oh I had cheese and you had cheese I do
want to see today I think that's a great
way to live go ahead
alright I got to get one of these rights
believe it or not
Rhett at one point you gave a strong
opinion on what you think Tom Cruise is
ballsack is like how did you describe
Tom Cruise's ballsack in March of 2018
not a wrinkle on it just as smooth he
seems confident of a baby's bottom it
seems like you think about this often
like you're not accessing a memory but
something that I mean it's very one
crease like if you dropped a drop of
water on Tom Cruise's ball sack it'd be
like dropping water on a duck's back it
just just Tom Cruise's ball sack is
hydrophobic he's still alright let's see
if he's right this celebrity gets laser
treatment to smooth out wrinkles remove
hair and correct discoloration of the
testicles also nicknamed ball irony
here's why it is Tom Cruise Rhett
because this is herb this is urban
legend type stuff this is something that
comes out of Scientology like somebody
escapes and then they're like and you
know what else he does this I think that
Tom just got a tight ball sack I mean
he's probably got the tightest ball sack
of any 55 year old man or however old he
is
I didn't you didn't say tight I said
smooth you said wrinkle this give me a
point but are you remember you were
remembering the ironing and you says
that's why you thought but I can't give
you the point cuz you didn't say tight
no but it's so tight that it's like it's
pulled tight over the dusties and it's
smooth there's not a wrinkle but you
didn't say the word tight
me a point I can't win I'll give him
half a point because he didn't say well
if you get this wrong you should
automatically lose because this is the
easiest ones that you've got it's not
your 2013 when explaining your opinion
on why things are funny you describe
laughter in a very specific way you said
laughter is like blank can you remember
what you said laughter I only remember
this because it's it pops up
occasionally right this is one and we've
redone like every other one we've react
cest this method yeah so I can't take
credit for remembering this I remember
other people remembering it on a regular
basis but laughter is like farting out
of your mouth wait a cliff I think
things are funny because uh you know the
whole principle of comic relief
tension builds up you know tension
builds up in your body and if it's you
know if it's not in here and you know I
don't mean to go I don't mean to go here
but uh what you're going but you you
know tension builds up and you fart and
then if you've liked some laughter is
like far not a mouth that would be funny
I don't know why I would but I can tell
you right now it's a release of tension
I better is like a fart from your it is
put it on t-shirt it is you never did
I'm gonna give you another half a point
it's because I I'm I'm seeing the moment
what's it what's that I was trying to do
see the moment be in the moment see the
now I appreciate it but that doesn't
give me more points in you you got three
out of four you in the memory foam comb
congratulations thank you for
subscribing and clicking that bell you
know what time don't forget about us
pretty convincing click the top link to
watch this play interactive memory games
and good mythical more ain't a finer way
the wheel of mythicality is gonna end
feel all the fields in the field good
mythical morning hoodie that feels
really good
available now in mythical calm